hey kids today's show is brought to you
by the letter 4 and the number potato or
I'm a stupid private hey they're Pony
fan welcome to another episode of
trailer park with me the stupid private
originally I had different plans for
this episode but somedays fate just
drops one right in your lap so let's
look at the Equestria girls trailer
before we start I think it's completely
understandable that a number of us
bronies are concerned about this
particular production I mean let's face
it the concept alone seems like it would
be a giant bomb right out the gate but
let's have a look at the trailer and see
if that's really the case alright so
first off this definitely looks like the
show the opening scene is taking place
in the crystal Empire we are definitely
getting cameos by princesses cadence and
Celestia okay I am going to pause right
here and we're just gonna think about
that line from Princess Celestia you're
going to know more about this place than
I do
what exactly does that imply as Celestia
been to this world with humans in it
should you ever find yourself
transported to another reality where you
are dramatically reshaped into an
entirely different entity that is the
appropriate reaction I'm liking the look
on spike too and you know he really did
get the worst of it he's a freaking dog
at least she has thumbs now enjoy those
by the way
they're great thumbs up
all right this scene right here the girl
on the right looks similar or at least
has similar hair to carrot top and it
seems like most of the humans in this
world are sporting something similar to
a pony cutie mark in some form be it a
badge or design on their clothing
somewhere I'm gonna name this guy not
Sauron until I find out what his actual
name is not to toot my own horn but
somebody called this ball in this pocket
way back in my season 3 retrospective
they're probably gonna repurpose the bad
guys as generic mean girls yep who
called it but I think there's more to
this character than the generic a mean
girl aesthetic would suggest we'll get
to that at the end another possibly
important plot point magic does not work
in this world
this seen more than any other should
give you hope that Equestria girls is
actually going to be good we have in
order vinyl scratch and Scootaloo doing
the chicken dance I guess this is as
good a time as any to look at the
supporting cast here we have rarity
Applejack Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy
strange coloring scheme aside I think
the human models could have looked way
WAY worse I need to stop and acknowledge
the awesomeness that is snips in this
scene top hat and tux t-shirt classy bro
classy all right this scene more than
any other is probably going to fuel
speculation that Twilight Sparkle has
found a love interest in not Sauron and
I'm not gonna lie that is a 100% valid
explanation for what we're seeing here
it's not necessarily the only
explanation it could be strictly
platonic at this stage I think we just
have to wait and see but I will say this
is more contact than I have seen
Twilight give virtually any male she's
not related to what male character can
you name that Twilight has had so much
as an extended conversation with that
isn't either a her brother or be discord
or see spike who's basically her little
brother
okay I'm overstating a little bit on
this one but Twilight does not have a
lot of guy friends as all I'm saying
I've heard that they're trying to keep
this movie true to the spirit of the
show which is obviously friendship and
it seems like they're definitely making
an effort to keep that going here
if the Phantom has anything to say about
it they will be adding that word to the
dictionary along with okey dokie Loki
but it's good to see that Pinkie Pie
hasn't changed before I go over my final
thoughts let's discuss the burning
question inquiring minds want to know
why the explanation I most favored is
Equestria girls is Hasbro's answer to
Monster High I think you'll agree
there's a certain resemblance that
question out of the way let's see what
plot threads I can untangle the main
event seems to be the theft of princess
Twyla's crown which raises another
question is it just a piece of jewelry
or is it the element of magic now for
the sticky hooves responsible sunset
shimmer hmm
Twilight Sparkle sunset Twilight shimmer
Sparkle I sense an evil twin coming on
apparently sunset was Princess
Celestia's previous apprentice and based
on that mask one of kill Bane's
followers as well so a rogue apprentice
has made off with the key component of
an all powerful magical super weapon
well played meghan mccarthy well played
if you don't know meghan mccarthy is the
head writer for Equestria girls as well
as the showrunner for friendship is
magic and just like on friendship is
Magic Daniel Ingram is composing the
music look I'm gonna level with you one
of two things is going to happen either
Equestria girls will be good and all the
concerns and misgivings will be
completely forgotten about or it'll be
bad and we'll make cupcakes out of it
but in the meantime as a fandom let's
treat the creative team at dhx with the
goodwill and respect that they've earned
with all the good work they've done for
us on friendship is magic
thank you for watching I'm the stupid
private